Allow globby negative matches for copyWithoutTemplating (#20983)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/strong-sloths-push.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend': minor
---

> Allow using globby's negative matching with copyWithoutTemplating/copyWithoutRender. Allows including an entire subdirectory while excluding a single file so that it will still be templated instead of needing to list every other file and ensure the list is updated when new files are added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow using `globby`'s negative matching with `copyWithoutTemplating`/`copyWithoutRender`. This allows including an entire subdirectory while excluding a single file so that it will still be templated instead of needing to list every other file and ensure the list is updated when new files are added.
```
